Facilitated communication between law enforcement personnel and individuals involved in crimes such as witnesses, persons of interest and suspects.
Provided oral interpretations for clients during special events, successfully maintaining pace with native speakers to deliver real-time comprehension.
Maintained message content, tone and emotion as closely as possible.
Conferred with subject matter experts and other colleagues to establish precise understanding of specialized concepts.
Supported student education by accompanying non-English speaking individuals to classes, study sessions and assemblies to translate instruction, conversation and documents.
Provided cultural input to speakers to help parties who did not speak similar languages communicate with and understand one another.
Provided language translation and customer service skills to clients in marketing business sectors.
Consulted specialized dictionaries, thesauruses and reference books to identify closest equivalents for nuanced terminology, words and phrases.
Attended marketing meetings to provide accurate consecutive translations of conversations between members.
Attended training programs to improve professional knowledge and interpretation skills.
Proofread, edited and improved documents of different sizes.
Stayed current on new expressions and cultural changes impacting language translation.
Completed precise translations of official documents with correct words and phrasing to meet legal standards.
Interpreted conversations simultaneously to help both parties conduct business, handle medical needs or manage personal concerns.
Actively listened to customers' requests, confirming full understanding before addressing concerns.
Worked with customers to understand needs and provide excellent service.
Worked to maintain outstanding attendance record, consistently arriving to work ready to start immediately.
Resolved problems, improved operations and provided exceptional service.
Carried out day-to-day duties accurately and efficiently.
Handled 30 calls per day to address customer inquiries and concerns.
Applied cultural understanding to discern specific meanings beyond literal written words.
Worked with other translators to facilitate real time conversations.
Used translation software to verify complex terms and expedite communication process.
Updated existing translations to meet contemporary trends in communication.
Translated documents for research departments, supporting data collection and reporting.
Repeated and restructured complex translations to optimize understanding.
Listened to recordings and translated confidential information.
Reviewed final work to spot and correct errors in punctuation, grammar and translation.
Translated business websites to support international expansions.
Supported operations by translating key departmental documents and internal communications.
Prepared comprehensive glossaries and terminology databases to facilitate analysis.
Played key role in international business efforts, working with sales and client groups to optimize collaboration.
Reviewed news and current events in international publications, translating relevant information for leaders.
Researched cultural etiquette and specific use of slang words.
Prepared detailed notes per client specifications, assisting in business meetings and proposal presentations.
Communicated effectively with clients to establish scope and requirements of translation, following up after submission of work to confirm satisfaction and understanding.
Provided verbal summaries of non-English documents to diverse audiences.
Replicated flow, style and overall meaning of original texts.
Consulted specialized dictionaries, thesauruses and reference books to identify closest equivalents for nuanced terminology, words and phrases.
Conferred with subject matter experts and other colleagues to establish precise understanding of specialized concepts.